duplicate actor: Kenneth Branagh
duplicate actor: Wilford Brimley
duplicate actor: Colin Campbell
duplicate actor: John Cassavetes
duplicate actor: William Devane
duplicate actor: Derek Farr
duplicate actor: Charles Farrell
duplicate actor: Frances Fisher
duplicate actor: Peter Graves
duplicate actor: Laurence Harvey
duplicate actor: Nicky Henson
duplicate actor: William Holden
duplicate actor: Rex Ingram
duplicate actor: Charles King
duplicate actor: Jack Lambert
duplicate actor: Jane March
duplicate actor: Spanky McFarland
duplicate actor: Mary Morris
duplicate actor: Carrie Ann Morrow
duplicate actor: Jennifer ONeill
duplicate actor: Raymond Pellegrin
duplicate actor: Harvey Stephens
duplicate actor: Sting
duplicate actor: Ann Todd
duplicate actor: Beverly Tyler
duplicate actor: Vanessa Williams
